Add Backup Documentation (#2830)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/ark/README.md

## Details

The Ark installation contains only the configuration for storage providers. The configuration of backup content and scope is defined in the Backup resource. To comply with the specific Ark architecture, Kyma delivers tested sample files you can use to run the backup process. Add all components which store data in this configuration to allow administrators to set up a proper backup process.

### Add components to backup

> All Kubernetes resources in the user Namespaces are backed up by default. However, you must add all data this backup does not cover, or data stored in the system Namespaces, to the configuration files. These serve as a testing configuration. For details on configuration attributes, see [ark documentation](https://github.com/heptio/velero/blob/master/docs/api-types/backup.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Kubernetes resources in the user Namespaces are backed up by default. However, you must add all data this backup does not cover, or data stored in the system Namespaces, to the configuration files. These serve as a testing configuration. For details on configuration attributes, see [Ark documentation](https://github.com/heptio/velero/blob/master/docs/api-types/backup.md).
```

If Ark's functionality is not sufficient, you can extend it using [plugins](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/plugins) and [hooks](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/hooks). Ark plugins are stored in [`tools`](tools/ark-plugins) directory, and extend Ark without being a part of the binary. Hooks are commands executed inside containers and Pods during the backup process. You can define them in your backup configuration.

## E2E tests

> The [E2E test for backup]((https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test)) runs daily on Prow and validates if the restore process works for all components as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [E2E test for backup](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test) runs daily on Prow and validates if the restore process works for all components as expected.
```

If arks functionality is not sufficient it can be extended using [plugins](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/plugins) and [hooks](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/hooks). Plugins are extending ark withouth being part of the binary. Ark Plugins in kyma are stored in the tools section (`tools/ark-plugins`). Hooks are commands executed inside containers and pods during backup. They are configured as part of the backup configuration.

## E2E Testing

The E2E Test for Backup (`tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test`) is running daily on prow and validating if all components can be restored like expected.

To add components to the backup pipeline it is required to implement a simple go interface.

```go
type BackupTest interface {
    CreateResources(namespace string)
    TestResources(namespace string)
}
```

The `CreateResources` Function is called before the backup to install all required test data. The `TestResources` Function is called after CreateResources to validate if the test data is working like expected. After the pipeline did a backup and restore on the cluster the `TestResources` function is called again to validate the restore was working as expected.

> The test has to be registered in the central E2E test.

Author: Probably we have to add a link here as soon as the related source code is there. We have a central sourcecode file which is orchestrating the entire test.

## Details

> The Ark installation contains only the configuration for storage providers. The configuration of backup content and scope is defined in the Backup resource. To comply with the specific architecture of Ark, Kyma delivers tested sample files you can use these to run the backup process. Include all components which store data in the sample file configuration to allow administrators to set up a proper backup process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ark installation contains only the configuration for storage providers. The configuration of backup content and scope is defined in the Backup resource. To comply with the specific Ark architecture, Kyma delivers tested sample files you can use to run the backup process. Add all components which store data in this configuration to allow administrators to set up a proper backup process.
```

> ## Add components to backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add components to backup
```
Let's have it as a subsection for better readability.

> All Kubernetes resources in the user Namespaces are backed up by default. However, you must add all data this backup does not cover, or data stored in the system Namespaces, to the configuration files. These files are used as testing configuration. For details on configuration attributes, see [ark documentation](https://github.com/heptio/velero/blob/master/docs/api-types/backup.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Kubernetes resources in the user Namespaces are backed up by default. However, you must add all data this backup does not cover, or data stored in the system Namespaces, to the configuration files. These serve as a testing configuration. For details on configuration attributes, see [ark documentation](https://github.com/heptio/velero/blob/master/docs/api-types/backup.md).
```

> If Ark's functionality is not sufficient, you can extend it using [plugins](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/plugins) and [hooks](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/hooks). Plugins extend Ark without being a part of the binary. Ark Plugins in Kyma are stored in [`tools`](tools/ark-plugins) directory. Hooks are commands executed inside containers and Pods during backup. You can define them in your backup configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Ark's functionality is not sufficient, you can extend it using [plugins](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/plugins) and [hooks](https://heptio.github.io/velero/v0.10.0/hooks). Ark plugins are stored in [`tools`](tools/ark-plugins) directory, and extend Ark without being a part of the binary.  Hooks are commands executed inside containers and Pods during the backup process. You can define them in your backup configuration.
```

> ## E2E Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## E2E tests
```

> The E2E Test for Backup (`tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test`) is running daily on prow and validating if all components can be restored like expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [E2E test for backup]((https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test)) runs daily on Prow and validates if the restore process works for all components as expected.
```

To add components to the backup pipeline, implement the following go interface:

```go
type BackupTest interface {
    CreateResources(namespace string)
    TestResources(namespace string)
}
```

> - The `CreateResources` Function is called before the backup to install all required test data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `CreateResources` function is called before the backup to install all required test data. 
```

> - The `TestResources` Function is called after CreateResources to validate if the test data is working like expected. After the pipeline did a backup and restore on the cluster the `TestResources` function is called again to validate the restore was working as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `TestResources` function is called after the `CreateResources` function to validate if the test data is working like expected. After the pipeline did a backup and restore on the cluster the `TestResources` function is called again to validate the restore was working as expected.
```

> Register the test in the central E2E tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register the test in the E2E tests.
```

> Register the test in the [E2E tests](../../../tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Register the test in the [E2E tests](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test).
```

Reviewer: I thought I can get away with a relative link, but it won't work :(

> Register the test in the [E2E tests](../../../tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the test to the [E2E tests](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/tests/end-to-end/backup-restore-test).
```
